README.md, before:

# MontyHallGodot
3D Monty Hall simulation in Godot
## About
The Monty Hall Problem is one of the most popular examples of just how unintuitive statistics can be. There are many simulations of this problem that exist on the internet, but most of them are usually web based and simple in execution. For most people this is enough, but some users are left wanting more. This simulation is made for the people that need to have the best graphics when simulating the Monty Hall Problem. This program utilizes the latest Godot engine technology to provide users with an advanced three dimentional simulation of the problem that has stumpted people for decades. While making the simulation three dimentional probably causes the usability to decrease considerably in comparison to more traditional options, now the option is at least there for people who feel the need for an unresponsive yet pretty simulation.
## Building

Download the project and open it in the Godot editor. Go to Project -> Export and select the export template of your choice (Note: you may have to download and install the export templates for the Godot Engine if you do not already have them installed)

Builds can be found in the releases section: *add link here*

Commit message:

fixed link and updated readme

README.md, after:

# MontyHallGodot
3D Monty Hall simulation in Godot
## About
The Monty Hall Problem is one of the most popular examples of just how unintuitive statistics can be. There are many simulations of this problem that exist on the internet, but most of them are usually web based and simple in execution. For most people this is enough, but some users are left wanting more. This simulation is made for the people that need to have the best graphics when simulating the Monty Hall Problem. This program utilizes the latest Godot engine technology to provide users with an advanced three dimentional simulation of the problem that has stumpted people for decades. While making the simulation three dimentional probably causes the usability to decrease considerably in comparison to more traditional options, now the option is at least there for people who feel the need for an unresponsive yet pretty simulation.
## Building

Download the project and open it in the Godot editor. Go to Project -> Export and select the export template of your choice (Note: you may have to download and install the export templates for the Godot Engine if you do not already have them installed)

Builds can be found in the [releases section.](https://github.com/Leonmail2/MontyHallGodot/releases/)

## Trial Results

The results of all trials conducted can be found in the Godot user data folder.

For Mac users, go to finder and press Command+Shift+G and copy paste this into the window:
`~/Library/Application Support/Godot/app_userdata/MontyHallGodot/`
Hit Return/Enter and you will find the trial data and the settings.

For Windows users, you will find the data in this folder:
`C:\Users\<username>\AppData\Roaming\Godot\app_userdata\MontyHallGodot\`

For Linux users, the data should be found in this folder:
`~/.local/share/godot/app_userdata/MontyHallGodot`
